`azurerm_monitor_metric_alert` supports multiple scopes and different criteria (#7159)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_metric_alert.html.markdown

* `scopes` - (Required) A set of strings of resource IDs at which the metric criteria should be applied.
* `criteria` - (Optional) One or more (static) `criteria` blocks as defined below.
* `dynamic_criteria` - (Optional) A `dynamic_criteria` block as defined below.
* `webtest_location_availability_criteria` - (Optional) A `webtest_location_availability_criteria` block as defined below.

-> **NOTE** One and exactly one of `criteria`, `dynamic_criteria` or `webtest_location_availability_criteria` must to be specified.

* `action` - (Optional) One or more `action` blocks as defined below.
* `enabled` - (Optional) Should this Metric Alert be enabled? Defaults to `true`.
* `auto_mitigate` - (Optional) Should the alerts in this Metric Alert be auto resolved? Defaults to `true`.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of this Metric Alert.
* `frequency` - (Optional) The evaluation frequency of this Metric Alert, represented in ISO 8601 duration format. Possible values are `PT1M`, `PT5M`, `PT15M`, `PT30M` and `PT1H`. Defaults to `PT1M`.
* `severity` - (Optional) The severity of this Metric Alert. Possible values are `0`, `1`, `2`, `3` and `4`. Defaults to `3`.

> * `target_resource_type` - (Optional) The resource type (e.g. `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`) of the target resource. Required when using subscription scope, resource group scope or multiple scopes.

Reviewer: can we call this out using an info box as:

```suggestion
* `target_resource_type` - (Optional) The resource type (e.g. `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`) of the target resource.

-> This is Required when using a Subscription, Resource Group or Multiple Scopes.
```

> * `target_resource_location` - (Optional) The location of the target resource. Required when using subscription scope, resource group scope or multiple scopes.

Reviewer: (same here)

```suggestion
* `target_resource_location` - (Optional) The location of the target resource.

-> This is Required when using a Subscription, Resource Group or Multiple Scopes.
```

---

A `dynamic_criteria` block supports the following:

* `metric_namespace` - (Required) One of the metric namespaces to be monitored.
* `metric_name` - (Required) One of the metric names to be monitored.
* `aggregation` - (Required) The statistic that runs over the metric values. Possible values are `Average`, `Count`, `Minimum`, `Maximum` and `Total`.
* `operator` - (Required) The criteria operator. Possible values are `LessThan`, `GreaterThan` and `GreaterOrLessThan`.
* `alert_sensitivity` - (Required) The extent of deviation required to trigger an alert. Possible values are `Low`, `Medium` and `High`.
* `dimension` - (Optional) One or more `dimension` blocks as defined below.

> * `evaluation_total_account` - (Optional) The number of aggregated lookback points. The lookback time window is calculated based on the aggregation granularity (`window_size`) and the selected number of aggregated points.

Reviewer 2: typo here, should be `evaluation_total_count`

Author: Oh, Thank you!
